nb obscure world atlas
Atlas obscura: A compedium of the world’s wonders, curiosities and
esoterica.
http://atlasobscura.com/


nb git github video
Howell, M.  20100723.  The power of Git: Revealed!  Tweetdeck blog.
http://blog.tweetdeck.com/the-power-of-git-revealed

Check out Max's six-part talk below to learn all about how Git's
distributed nature, and Github's amazing collaboration tools, helped him
succeed with Homebrew and helped us take our development to the next
level at TweetDeck.


nb torrent peer deploy software murder gem convert capistrano twitter
http://github.com/lg/murder

Murder is a method of using Bittorrent to distribute files to a large
amount of servers within a production environment.  This allows for
scaleable and fast deploys in environments of hundreds to tens of
thousands of servers where centralized distribution systems wouldn't
otherwise function.  A "Murder" is normally used to refer to a flock of
crows, which in this case applies to a bunch of servers doing something.
For the impatient, gem install murder and add these lines to your Capfile:¹

	require 'murder'

	set :deploy_via, :murder
	after 'deploy:setup', 'murder:distribute_files'
	before 'murder:start_seeding', 'murder:start_tracker'
	after 'murder:stop_seeding', 'murder:stop_tracker'

Murder (which by the way is the name for a flock of crows) is a
combination of scripts written in Python and Ruby to easily deploy large
binaries throughout your company’s datacenter(s).  It takes advantage of
the fact that the environment in a datacenter is somewhat different from
regular internet connections: low-latency access to servers, high
bandwidth, no NAT/Firewall issues, no ISP traffic shaping, only trusted
peers, etc.  This let us come up with a list of optimizations on top of
BitTornado to make BitTorrent not only reasonable, but also effective on
our internal network.  Since at the time we used Capistrano for
signaling our servers to perform tasks, Murder also includes a
Capistrano deploy strategy to make it easy for existing users of
Capistrano to convert their file distribution to be decentralized.  The
final component is the work Matt Freels (@mf) did in bundling everything
into an easy to install ruby gem.  This further helped get Murder to be
usable for more deploy tasks at Twitter.¹
 ¹ http://engineering.twitter.com/2010/07/murder-fast-datacenter-code-deploys.html


nb memoize f#
http://www.atalasoft.com/cs/blogs/stevehawley/archive/2010/07/26/limit-your-memoization-please.aspx


nb memoize haskell
http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Memoization
